# Distributional RL Applied to Robot Soccer Simulation

This is the codification used in the ALA 2019 paper "Distributional Reinforcement Learning Applied to Robot Soccer Simulation". You are free to use all or part of the codification here presented for any purpose, provided that the paper is properly cited and the original authors properly credited. All the files here shared come with no warranties.

Paper bib entry: <br><br>
<i>
 @inproceedings{SilvaCostaStone2019,<br>
  author    = {Silva, Felipe Leno Da and <br>
                Anna Helena Reali Costa and <br>
  			       Peter Stone},<br>
  title     = {{Distributional Reinforcement Learning Applied to Robot Soccer Simulation}},<br>
  booktitle = {Workshop on Adaptive Learning Agents (ALA) at AAMAS},<br>
    year      = {2019}<br>
 }
 </i>
 <br><br>

This project was built on Python 3.5 using Anaconda. All the experiments are executed in the HFO platform (https://github.com/LARG/HFO), that must be also installed (we do not guarantee compactibility - nor will update this code base - with previous or future HFO versions). For the graph generation code you will need to install Jupyter Notebook (http://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html). For most of algorithms, Tensorflow is also required.

# Files
The folder <b>src</b> contains the codification, where the most important file for debugging/understanding purposes is the entry-point src/experiment.py

The folder <b>log</b> is the standard path for experimental results

The .sh files in the home folder provide an easy interface to run the experiments.

# How to use
First install HFO following instructions in https://github.com/LARG/HFO.

In the home folder execute either <i>runC51.sh</i>, <i>runDQN.sh</i>, or <i>runThresholded.sh</i> (Respectively, C51Average, DQN, C51Threshold). If your python environment is currently configured with all required libraries, this should be enough and the results will be stored as .csv files in the <b>log</b> folder.

Graphs can be generated by using <i>evaluation-leno.ipynb</i> in <b>src/graphs</b>

# Contact

For questions about the Codification or paper, please send an email to the first author.
